Name(s): Fear, Fright, Terror


Recruit Method: Can be found in dugeon at 45% chance or can spawn anywhere during Holloween season at 50% chance
(Requires the player to actually catch the tg kind of like leopolds rectuit method)

First Meet:
-PLEASE DONT HURT ME!!!!
Player:"Im not here to harm" or "Ok bye"
-STAY BACK! I dont trust you even if you do slay scary monsters...
Player:"Well I haven't slayed you yet so...."
-"Uh I guess your right...BUT! that still doesn't mean you cant turn on me!
Player: (Recruit option)"Whatever im leaving now" or "Bye and dont follow me"
Recruit option answer-"I'll trail behind them carefully for now, maybe they will prove a useful sheild, [Fright] thought to themself"


Already Met:
-"Hey! dont come too close! I still dont trust you!
Player: (Rerecruit)"Ok I'll be leaving then" or "Ok bye dont follow me"
If player team is full-"Those companions of theirs seems dangerous, its best I dont follow them, [Fright] thought."
Rerecruit option answer-"The plan stays the same, use them as sheild but still keep a distance,[Fright] thinks to themself"


Post recruitment RNG:
-"I need my space why are you so close!?"
-"Hey! Stay away from me!"
-"Whats this? why would they want to speak with me? maybe they are trying to kill me like they always planned from the beginning?([Fright] thinks)"
-"I have nothing to discuss, you should be on your way far from me"
-"Hey! stop moving around me its giving me anxiety"
-"Just exisitng here gives me the creeps"




Conditional(Says Outloud):
Detects enemy in 20 block radius: "WHAT IS THAT APPROACHING??!!" 
Detects enemy in 10 block radius: "YOUR GETTING TO CLOSE STAY BACK!"
Detects enemy in 5 block radius: "SOMEONE HELP ME!!!!!"
Is damaged by anything: "AHHHHHH!!!"
Fire Debuff: "IT BURNS! IT BURNS!"
Posioned: "I CAN FEEL IT CREEP THROUGH MY VEINS!"
Bloodmoon:"WE'RE ALL GONNA DIE!"

Reviving:
Reviving teammates: Get up! get up! you need to protect me!
is revived: "The feeling of death terrifies me..."



Comments on other entities:
Wrath: "Make sure [Wrath] stays VERY VERY far from me, they are a menace and should be caged up"
Joy: "I dont care how nice [Joy] may seem, they are just trying to gain my trust now to hurt me later"
Sorrow: "[Sorrow]'s tears are vicious and pose a serious threat. 
Migeul: "Those abs on [Migeul] are menacing"
