Name(s): Joy, Cheery, Glee

Recruit Method: Found in hollow biome at 35% chance 

First Meet:
-"Oh my! a new face! Whats your name? Mine is [Joy,Cheery,Glee] nice to meet you!"
Player: "Hey Im [Place holder Name]"
-"Thats a nice name you have, would you like to be friends? I would love to venture with a person such as yourself."
Player: "Sure why not?" or "No im fine."
Yes option- "Yay! we will be the best of friends."
No option- "Aww thats unfortunate, well if you ever change your mind i will be here in this beautiful colored biome. I hope you have a nice day!"

Already Met:
-"Hey there best buddy! Are you planning on me tagging along with you?"
Player: "Sure" or "No im fine for now"
Rerecruit option- Yay! lets go then!



Post recruitment RNG:
-"Do you like picnics? Im sure you would love it, lets try it sometime with a group of buddies."
-"I want you to know that whatever happens I will always be there for you if you ever need anything pal"
-"If you dont want me to help in battle, the least I can do is cheer you on from the sidelines"
-"Im always happy to just wake up to see another day. Everyday is a new day to spread positivity."
-"Every week I will craft a heart crystal for you just to show how much i appreciate you as a friend"
-"Dont be afraid to ask me to share anything because sharing is caring."


Conditional(Says outloud):
Fire debuff: "Theres nothing like the warm feeling on fire"
Poisoned: "The numbness it brings me pleasure"
Detects enemy in 10 block radius: "Lets play.....to the DEATH!"
Dies: "My happiness will never fade!"
Gets damaged by by hostile enemy: Haha that tickled

Reviving(says outloud):
Reviving player or other tg- "Don't worry I have your back buddy!"
Is revived- "Im back and better than ever!"



Comments on other entities:
Wrath: "[Wrath] loves to play fight with me, they say they are trying to kill me but I think its just a playful act of them."
Fright: "[Fright] always wants to play hide n seek even when I didnt ask them to play."
Sorrow: "Dont worry I will eventually cheer up [Sorrow] no matter what it takes."
Miguel: "Have you tried exercising with my other friend [Miguel]? We both enjoy staying happy and healthy"
Roccoco: "[Roccoco] is a sweet person but its unfortunate that i am unable to comprehend what he says"
All Dog tgs: "Belly rubs are [Place holder name]'s favorite thing it seems, Im happy to please them" 

