Dialogue:

Conditions:

Before Boss Fight(Pentagram Orb NPC):
1-"The orb is surging with immense power... Do you wish to release the Demon inside?" (Yes or no response)
2-(Yes response)WARNING! a Boss fight will insue upon opening the orb it is recommended the challenger be well equipped for a intense battle.

After defeating Bapha:
1- "I have been imprisoned for several millennia. Your combat ability is phenomenal. There are very few that can compete with my overwhelming power but you will go down as one who matched the overlord of Hell."
2- "Though you have defeated me in battle you cannot kill me as i am immortal. Your skills are remarkable you could make a great servant."
3- "How about we form a allaince for the time being? We would be unstoppable as allies dont you say?"
4- Yes answer- "Yes indeed!, with you at my side the surface will be at the mercy of our power!"
5- No Answer- "Although you refuse a great offer i respect your decision as a competent challenger. Whenever you wish to form a alliance i will be here."

After recruited(General Dialogue):
RNG Dialogue-
- "So when will the conquest begin? I didn't come to the surface to be friendly I CAME TO SEE IT BURN!!!"
- "I need a heat source to bring out full potential... Lava or hellstone would be nice to have"
- "The surface needs some tuning, adding a bit of fire should do the trick"
- "Ever had a lava bath? What?!, you say it burns? Thats the best part Hahaha!"
- "If your wondering how old i am you would be out of luck because i dont know my age either, Ive been idle for so long i lost count. But im several milliena at least.

Re-recruiting:
-"Oh have you come back to align yourself with the devil, good choice indeed.....mhaahahahaaa?

Reviving Player:
- "I didnt expect you to turn to such a weakling, stand up!"
- "Rise again!, we have unfinished bussiness"

Player reviving:
- "If you think you can defeat me your more delusional than ever!"

Revive with no help:
- "IM IMMORTAL!"

Quest Dialogue:
- "If you were to kill 666 hell spawn, i would grant you access to dozens of my minions through a portal."
Quest completed:
- "Well done, my minions shall serve you well."

Terra guardian specific interactions:

Wrath- 
> "Rage can be useful in combat, wonder if he can control it"

Brutus-
> "Serving justice will get you no where brutus, I have crushed plenty of knights before. It was fun watching them burn! hahahaha!"
> "I love torching Martyrs!, let them cry in agony as their righteousness fades with the flame!"

Dog TG's-
>Dont stick your nose in the wrong place, you might get burnt haha!

Leopold-
> Wonder if the leopold ever tried learning demonic magic? could serve useful for tearing enemies apart.

Malisha-
> Malisha would make a great discple for me. Her experiments show that she can be remorseless and sadistic, which is perfect for my kind of magic......hehehehe.





